welcome back to Citi TVs exclusive
preseason interview with head of EDS
Patrick Vieira ple development squads
first league game of the season kicks
off next weekend away at Chelsea but
before the Blues begin their campaign
the EDS Player of the Year accolade is
still up for grabs and with sec 04 fauna
Jason denia marcos lopes and schaeff a
seed the contenders it's fair to say
it's going to be a close call if we talk
about about she she she's been a
fantastic last year and he played the
message of the games were all the games
never complain about being tired he
always wanted to be on the field and I'm
shades of strong character she is a
warrior and and I'm really pleased
because he had a really really good
season I see the seco seco is a is a is
a really talented player but I think he
need to understand sometimes that talent
is not enough and if we do understand
that and he keep working hard every day
like we did it in the last 45 months of
the season last year he will be a player
but you need to remember that talent is
not enough we need more than that to be
a professional footballer Jason was a
big surprise to be honest I didn't
expect him to reach the level ii was
rich last year we've she had two
fantastic central defender Jay Johnny's
is a modern central defender is really
strong he can step in with the ball
technically is a good good player and
and i'm really pleased because he's
doing the prison and with the first team
so that's just show how well he been
doing last year and we had correctly
with the first team as well we are
Mattias with the first team as well and
I think that's just show how good the
boys been doing last year Marco went on
loan to live this year Marco had some up
and down some games where he was
fantastic some games where was a little
under performing but Marco is a pure
talent and andys is a visitor player and
with Lopez securing that loan move to
Lee Lynn the french ligue o viera fight
a big part in making sure that the
decision was the right one for the
portuguese forward
japanese a football club decision and of
course spending last year with Marco I
mean what was his strength and what is
his weakness what is a part of the game
is need to work I had a conversation
with the manager at lean because you
need to be the French manager when I was
not French team and and we had chat
about Marco he knew everything about
Marco and I think it is a good move for
him because lead is a they will play the
qualification for the Champions League
he's still a witty young team so I needs
a really good football club and and I
think that is a good step for for Marco
to go and develop as a player but as a
person as well and they say liga is like
the idea of finishing school for the
Premier League would you share that view
ah the league one is more difficult that
what people think physically is really
demanding league and and of course going
to lil and and have this kind of
experience will help Marco to come back
stronger and play for our first team
hopefully and we also have Alice online
and potentially a few others going out
how invaluable is the loan system at
this stage ok what is important in the
laws insist we have to make it right I
think we as a football club have to
choose the right Club for the players to
go and develop and improve his weakness
and and there's a different way and and
I think as a club we have a
responsibility to choose the club and
the right Club for the boys to develop
and and I think when you look at the
last few years the loans wasn't best
decision we make because some players
came back o players went to clubs didn't
play in the right position so that's why
I'm not a big fan of floats up in loans
has to be really really specific four
players and we can send any players to
any club specific players has to be sent
to the specific club with the specific
manager who want the player to play in
this position so it can have the players
to to develop ok and it does leave quite
quite young squad for you for this
and what that fact the abilities can be
or you can't now we always going to
complete because this is a non tality
that we need to have as a football club
we need to complete we need to do well
we need to do to win a silverware and
but overall we need the players to
improve and we want to challenge them
and yes we have a really young team but
with talent so if you have talent and
you have the work ethic you can complete
a littler than and it's if there's a
full calendar section played with lots
of opportunities for other players we're
going to play so many games during the
season we have a good group of player
and everybody will have a chance and
everybody will play and I'm we're
looking forward to it